feat(live): add a new resource to manage notification cofiguration (#6071)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/resources/live_notification_cofiguration.md

---
subcategory: "Live"
layout: "huaweicloud"
page_title: "HuaweiCloud: huaweicloud_live_notification_cofiguration"
description: |-
  Manages a notification cofiguration resource within HuaweiCloud.
---

# huaweicloud_live_notification_cofiguration

Manages a notification cofiguration resource within HuaweiCloud.

## Example Usage

```hcl
variable "domain_name" {}
variable "url" {}

resource "huaweicloud_live_notification_cofiguration" "test" {
  domain_name = var.domain_name
  url         = var.url
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `region` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the region in which to create the resource.
  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used.
  Changing this parameter will create a new resource.

* `domain_name` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the ingest domain name to which the notification cofiguration
  belongs.
  Changing this parameter will create a new resource.

* `url` - (Required, String) Specifies the callback URL, which must start with `http://` or `https://`.

* `auth_sign_key` - (Optional, String) Specifies the authentication key.

>   The valid length is `32` to `128` characters. This parameter can be left blank.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The valid length is `32` to `128` characters.
```

Reviewer: `Optional` already indicates that this field can be left unconfigured, so no special instructions are needed.

> * `call_back_area` - (Optional, String) Specifies the area where the server for receiving callback notification

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `call_back_area` - (Optional, String) Specifies the region where the server that receives callback notifications is located.
```

  is located. This parameter can be left blank.
  The valid vaules are as follows:
  + **mainland_china**: Indicates Chinese mainland.

>   + **outside_mainland_china**: Indicates outside the Chinese mainlan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  + **outside_mainland_china**: Indicates outside the Chinese mainland.
```
